---
title: "Content addressed storage and Malware, Article 2 (2019-09-15)"
layout: post
n: 2
stamp: 2019-09-15
date: 2019-09-24 18:04:23 CEST
created: "Sun 15 Sep 2019 04:37:53 PM CEST"
updated: "Sun 15 Sep 2019 04:37:53 PM CEST"
inode: 2019-09-24 17:49:21.603367000 +0200
access: 2019-09-24 17:49:25.190032400 +0200
description: "Article 2: Content Address Storage can be used to disseminate data anonymously, which might appeals to malware distributors"
---

DHT & Malware distribution

CAS as a giant world wide [Rainbow-Table][RBT]

### read more:

Abstract
<br>Modern malware can take various forms, and has reached a very highlevel of sophistication in terms of its penetration, persistence, communi-cation  and  hiding  capabilities.   The  use  of  cryptography,  and  of  covertcommunication channels over public and widely used protocols and ser-vices,  is  becoming  a  norm.   In  this  work,  we  start  by  introducing  Re-source  Identifier  Generation  Algorithms.   These  are  an  extension  of  awell-known mechanism called Domain Generation Algorithms, which arefrequently employed by cybercriminals for bot management and commu-nication.  Our extension allows, beyond DNS, the use of other protocols.More concretely, we showcase the exploitation of the InterPlanetary filesystem (IPFS). This is a solution for the “permanent web”, which enjoysa steadily growing community interest and adoption.  The IPFS is, in ad-dition,  one of the most prominent solutions for blockchain storage.  Wego beyond the straightforward case of using the IPFS for hosting mali-cious  content,  and  explore  ways  in  which  a  botmaster  could  employ  it,to manage her bots,  validating our findings experimentally.  Finally,  wediscuss the advantages of our approach for malware authors, its efficacyand highlight its extensibility for other distributed storage services

* [Hydras and IPFS: A Decentralised Playgroundfor Malware][b]


[a]: http://{{site.resolver}}//#/ipfs/QmWHT7rY4dGjofJ6XtGHLHEPtGeuVg94v8iUL7WAuZpbkj/IPFS-malware-1905.118801.pdf)
[b]: http://127.0.0.1:8080/ipfs/QmWHT7rY4dGjofJ6XtGHLHEPtGeuVg94v8iUL7WAuZpbkj
[RBT]: {{site.search}}
